by RentAnAdviser.com
Oh oh oooh oh oooh oh oooh oh
Can you see it?
The worst is over
The monsters in my head
are scared of love
Fallin people, listen up!
It's never too late to
change your luck
So don't let them steal your light
E eh eh eh eh
Don't let them break your stride
There is light on the other side
And you'll see all the raindrops
falling behind
It's a revolution
And we'll make it out tonight
Rev,
it's a reva
Oh oh oooh oh oooh oh oooh oh
Can you see it?
The worst is over
The monsters in my head
are scared of love
Fallin people, listen up!
It's never too late to
change your luck
So, don't let them steal your light
E eh eh eh eh
Don't let them break your stride
There is light on the other side
And you'll see all the raindrops
falling behind
It's a revolution
And we'll make it out tonight
Rev,
it's a reva, rev,
Oh oh oooh oh oooh oh oooh oh
Rev,
by RentAnAdviser.com